Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH 5D'S"!
[THINKING] I CAN'T BELIEVE
HOW TIME FLIES.
IT'S ALREADY BEEN 3 YEARS SINCE
YOU DISAPPEARED IN THAT
MYSTERIOUS PURPLE GLOW,
PEARSON...
I STILL CAN'T BELIEVE
THAT ALL SECTOR SECURITY
FOUND THAT NIGHT
WAS A DIGITAL RECORDING CHIP
WITH A MESSAGE FROM YOU
ASKING ME TO WATCH OVER
THE KIDS YOU TOOK CARE OF
AND TO KEEP YOUR
DUEL DISK AND RUNNER SAFE.
Crow: SO WHAT'S THIS
ABOUT, TRUDGE?
IT'S ABOUT AN OLD FRIEND
OF YOURS--ROBERT PEARSON.
WE JUST RECENTLY
DISCOVERED THAT,
BEFORE THAT
PURPLE GLOW APPEARED,
PEARSON WAS
DUELING SOMEONE...
AND... THIS IS THE CARD
HIS OPPONENT WAS USING.
YOU SEE, A FEW YEARS BACK,
THEY TRIED
DEVELOPING CARDS THAT HAD
MORE THAN JUST
VISUAL EFFECTS.
IT WORKED...
IT WAS ALSO RUMORED
THAT THESE CARDS
HAD THE ABILITY TO SEND
PEOPLE TO THE NETHERWORLD.
THE NETHERWORLD?
WHOA...
THERE WERE
A FEW PROTOTYPES
ALREADY RELEASED
TO THE DUELING PUBLIC
THAT ARE STILL
UNACCOUNTED FOR.
CRIMSON MEFIST
IS ONE OF THEM.
THE SOONER WE KNOW
WHO THE OWNER
OF THIS HIGHLY DANGEROUS
AND ONE OF A KIND CARD IS...
THE SOONER WE'LL KNOW
WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOUR FRIEND
ROBERT PEARSON.
Crow, thinking: I GOTTA FIND OUT
WHO PEARSON
WAS DUELIN'
ON THAT FATEFUL DAY--
WHICH MEANS I GOTTA TALK
TO THOSE WHO WERE
CLOSEST TO HIM...
Crow: YOU'VE
REALLY DONE WELL
FOR YOURSELF, BOLTON.
JUST CHECK OUT
ALL THESE AWARDS!
NO WONDER YOU'RE
THE WORLD'S NUMBER ONE
DUEL RUNNER MAKER.
I'M REALLY PROUD OF YA.
ENOUGH ABOUT ME,
WHAT HAVE YOU BEEN UP TO?
OH, PLENTY. I MEAN,
IT'S BEEN 3 YEARS.
THE LAST TIME
I SAW YOU WAS ON
THAT TERRIBLE,
TERRIBLE DAY...
ACTUALLY, THAT'S
KIND OF WHY I'M HERE.
I'M TRYING TO FIND OUT
WHO CAUSED PEARSON
TO DISAPPEAR.
I WAS HOPIN' THAT
MAYBE YOU WOULD KNOW
SOMETHIN' ABOUT
THAT CARD.
HERE...
YOU KNOW SOMETHIN'.
TELL ME!
WHO WAS IT THAT USED
THIS CARD ON PEARSON?
BOLTON!
MY TIME IS VALUABLE,
BUT I DO HAVE INFORMATION.
SO IF YOU WANT IT, YOU'LL
HAVE TO DUEL ME FOR IT!
DUEL YOU?
THAT'S RIGHT.
IF YOU BEAT ME, I'LL
TELL YOU WHAT I KNOW...
HOWEVER, IF I WIN...
YOU HAVE TO HAND OVER
THE BLACK-WINGED DRAGON
TO ME!
WELL?!
WHAT'S IT GONNA BE?!
WHAT TOOK YOU
SO LONG TO AGREE?
LET'S JUST SAY
I HAD TO MAKE SURE
THAT WHAT I WAS
DOING WAS RIGHT.
Both: DUEL!!!
Bolton: WHITE WARRIOR--
HAIL THE IRON HAMMER ATTACK!
YOUR MOVE!
AND I WOULD MAKE IT
COUNT IF I WERE YOU...
THAT IS,
IF YOU WANT THE TRUTH
ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED
TO PEARSON!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Bolton: COME AT ME, CROW!
LET'S SEE WHAT YOU GOT!
I GOT PLENTY!
[THINKING] QUESTION IS,
CAN I USE ANY OF IT?
AFTER ALL,
I CAN'T PLAY ANY OF
MY BLACKWINGS'
SPECIAL ABILITIES
SO LONG AS
THAT WHITEOUT TRAP
IS SITTIN' ON THE FIELD.
IT'S CLEAR WHAT
I'VE GOTTA DO...
GET RID OF WHITEOUT
WITH A TRAP OF MY OWN!
I PLACE ONE FACEDOWN!
AND THEN...
I'LL SUMMON THE TUNER...
BLACKWING--MISTRAL
THE SILVER SHIELD...
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND THAT'S MY TURN!
THEN IT'S MY MOVE!
AND WITH IT, I'LL SUMMON
THE TUNER MONSTER,
WHITE WARRIOR--
SNOW THE ROPE DART!
[GRUNTS]
AND FOR EVERY CARD
ON THE FIELD,
ROPE DART ROPES IN 100
ADDITIONAL ATTACK POINTS!
SO, SINCE THERE ARE 7,
HE POWERS UP BY 700!
NOW, SNOW THE ROPE DART,
ATTACK CROW'S
LIFE POINTS DIRECTLY!
GO...!
[GRUNTS]
CROW!
NOW, SINCE THAT DIRECT
ATTACK WAS SUCCESSFUL,
I CAN USE THE ABILITY OF
FOG THE TREASURE SHIELD...
AND DESTROY ONE SPELL OR
TRAP CARD ON YOUR FIELD!
DO YOUR THING,
TREASURE SHIELD!
NUTS! MY TRAP STUN CARD
IS KAPUT!
DON'T TELL ME
YOU DIDN'T THINK
I KNEW WHAT YOU
WERE PLANNING, CROW.
I KNOW YOUR DUEL STRATEGIES
ALL TOO WELL!
[GRUNTS]
CROW'S GOTTA MIX IT UP
MORE--ESPECIALLY SINCE
HE'S DUELING
AN OLD FRIEND.
YOU'RE UP, CROW...
HERE GOES!
I SUMMON BLACKWING--
SHURA THE BLUE FLAME!
NOW, LEVEL 2 MISTRAL
THE SILVER SHIELD
TUNES WITH LEVEL 4
SHURA THE BLUE FLAME...
GO AND LET YOUR
WINGS GIVE FLIGHT
TO A NEW AND EVEN
MIGHTIER BIRD OF PREY...
I SUMMON OUT...
BLACKWING ARMOR MASTER!
YES! A SYNCHRO MONSTER
IS JUST WHAT CROW NEEDS!
Crow: BLACKWING
ARMOR MASTER
NOW ATTACKS
SNOW THE ROPE DART!
I PLAY
ROPE DART'S ABILITY!
IT LETS ME RETURN HIM
TO MY HAND
WHENEVER HE'S
THE TARGET OF AN ATTACK!
ALRIGHT... THEN I'LL JUST
ATTACK TREASURE SHIELD...!
AND WHEN BLACKWING
ARMOR MASTER
ATTACKS A MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE,
HE GAINS
500 ATTACK POINTS!
[CRIES OUT]
AND SINCE ARMOR MASTER'S
ATTACK POINTS
WERE MORE THAN
YOUR MONSTER'S
DEFENSE POINTS,
YOU NOW TAKE
THE DIFFERENCE
AS DAMAGE!
[GROWLS]
BOLTON'S TUNER MONSTER
ESCAPED HARM
BUT AT LEAST CROW
TOOK OUT SOMETHING.
RIGHT, BECAUSE SINCE
SACRED ARROW IS
STILL ON THE FIELD--
COME THIS TURN'S
END PHASE,
BOLTON WILL NOW TAKE
AN EXTRA 400 POINTS
OF DAMAGE.
I PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
SORRY, BOLTON...
YOU'RE A FRIEND...
BUT I JUST GOTTA
WIN THIS DUEL!
I GOTTA FIND OUT WHAT
HAPPENED TO PEARSON!
[THINKING]
AND NOTHIN'S
GONNA STOP ME!
MY MOVE...
AND IT'LL BE
ONE TO REMEMBER!
SO GET READY, OLD FRIEND!
HERE WE GO!
ONCE AGAIN,
I SUMMON TO THE FIELD
WHITE WARRIOR--
SNOW THE ROPE DART
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND NEXT, I'LL TUNE
LEVEL 4 SNOW THE ROPE DART
WITH LEVEL 4
HAIL THE IRON HAMMER!
NOW THE POWER
COURSING THROUGH
THE VEINS OF
THESE TWO WARRIORS
WILL BECOME ONE!
I SUMMON FORTH...
THE SYNCHRO MONSTER...
CRIMSON MEFIST!
WAIT, CRIMSON MEFIST?!
BOLTON OWNS THAT CARD?!
WELL, THIS SURE
COMPLICATES THINGS.
[LAUGHS]
BOLTON!
WHY DO YOU HAVE
THIS CARD?
NO WAY...
YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO WAS DUELING
PEARSON THAT NIGHT?
BUT WHY?
YOU WERE HIS FRIEND--
HE WAS SOMEONE
YOU ADMIRED!
WHY'D YOU DO IT?
WHY ELSE--SO I COULD
MANUFACTURE DUEL RUNNERS.
DUEL RUNNERS?
THAT'S RIGHT.
AT FIRST, THE PLAN WAS
FOR ALL OF US TO COME
WORK TOGETHER.
YOU REMEMBER.
YOU WERE PART OF IT.
BUT WHAT YOU MAY NOT
HAVE KNOWN IS THAT, ONE DAY,
A WEALTHY ENTREPRENEUR
FROM THE CITY
OFFERED TO INVEST IN
OUR LITTLE BUSINESS.
WHAT--I NEVER HEARD
ANYTHING ABOUT THIS.
THAT'S RIGHT, BECAUSE
PEARSON REFUSED.
[GASP]
HE DIDN'T WANT TO SELL OFF
THE RIGHTS TO HIS DESIGNS.
HIS DREAM WAS TO MAKE DUEL
RUNNERS FOR PEOPLE LIKE US.
HE WAS AFRAID
THESE SUITS WOULD ONLY BE
INTERESTED IN
MAKING A BUCK.
IT WAS AN AMAZING
OPPORTUNITY!
AND IT WAS
COMPLETELY SQUANDERED
BECAUSE OF PEARSON
AND HIS STUPID PRINCIPLES!
WHICH IS WHY...
BOLTON?
SORRY...
BUT I'M TAKING
THE DUEL RUNNER
BLUEPRINTS.
IF YOU WANT TO STOP ME,
THEN YOU'LL HAVE TO DO SO
BY DUELING ME!
AS YOU KNOW,
HE DIDN'T STOP ME.
I WON AND WAS ABLE
TO TAKE THE MONEY
AND START THE COMPANY
UNIMPEDED BY PEARSON.
SURE, MAYBE I HAD TO MAKE
A COUPLE SACRIFICES
ALONG THE WAY,
BUT SO WHAT?
THE BOTTOM LINE IS THAT
I WAS FINALLY IN BUSINESS!
[GROWLS]
AND YOU BETTER BELIEVE
I'M GOING TO PROTECT
THAT BUSINESS
NO MATTER WHAT
I HAVE TO DO!
THAT'S WHY...
I WANT YOU TO GIVE ME
THAT BLACK-WINGED DRAGON
AND GIVE IT TO ME NOW!
ENOUGH WITH
ALL YOUR DENIALS!
I KNOW YOU HAVE IT!
I KNOW PEARSON
GAVE IT TO YOU!
I'VE EXPLAINED WHY
I DID WHAT I DID,
SO GIVE ME THE CARD!
NOW!
YEAH, YOU
EXPLAINED IT...
BUT THAT DON'T
MAKE IT RIGHT--
BECAUSE OF YOU
PEARSON IS GONE!
VERY WELL THEN, CROW.
I'LL JUST HAVE TO TAKE
THE BLACK-WINGED DRAGON
BY DEFEATING YOU
IN THIS DUEL!
EVEN IT MEANS
I MUST SEND YOU AWAY
JUST LIKE I DID PEARSON.
I ACTIVATE
CRIMSON MEFIST'S ABILITY!
NOW, ONCE PER TURN, FOR EVERY
CARD YOU HAVE ON YOUR FIELD,
YOU TAKE 300 POINTS
OF DAMAGE!
WHAT?
OH NO!
NEXT, CRIMSON MEFIST
WILL ATTACK BLACKWING
ARMOR MASTER
WITH RANCID RUSH!
[CRIES OUT]
WHAT'S THIS--?!
NO WAY...
THE DAMAGE CROW'S TAKING
LOOKS LIKE IT'S REAL!
SO THEN IT'S TRUE...
THAT CARD DOES INFLICT
ACTUAL DAMAGE...
AND I BET
IT ALSO SENT PEARSON
TO THE NETHERWORLD.
THEN THE STAKES
COULDN'T BE HIGHER...
AND NOW, SINCE IT'S
THIS TURN'S END PHASE--
SACRED ARROW'S
EFFECT ACTIVATES!
WELL, CROW?
HAVE YOU RECONSIDERED?
GIVE ME THE CARD!
THINGS DON'T NEED TO END
THE SAME WAY FOR YOU
AS THEY DID FOR PEARSON!
NO WAY, BOLTON,
I'M IN THIS THING
'TIL THE VERY END!
I'M IN THIS FOR PEARSON!
IT'S MY TURN!
AND I ACTIVATE THE EFFECT
OF SPEED WORLD 2! GO!
NOW, BY REMOVIN'
7 SPEED COUNTERS,
I'M ALLOWED TO DRAW
ONE CARD FROM MY DECK.
YES.
I SUMMON THE TUNER
MONSTER BLACKWING--
KOCHI THE DAYBREAK
IN DEFENSE MODE!
[CHIRPS]
AND I'LL THROW
A FACEDOWN!
NOT SO FAST--CRIMSON MEFIST'S
ABILITY NOW ACTIVATES!
YOU SEE, SINCE YOU PLACED
A SPELL OR TRAP CARD FACEDOWN,
YOU TAKE 300 POINTS
OF DAMAGE!
[GASPS]
[CRIES OUT]
OK--NOW WE KNOW
THE DAMAGE THAT
THING GIVES IS REAL!
YEAH, EVEN CROW'S
DUEL RUNNER IS
GETTING DINGED UP!
SURRENDER NOW, CROW!
SURRENDER OR
VANISH FOREVER!
NO WAY, NO HOW!
I WON'T QUIT!
FINE THEN.
YOU'LL LEARN THE HARD WAY.
IT'S MY TURN!
FIRST, DUE TO
MEFIST'S ABILITY,
YOU TAKE 300 POINTS OF DAMAGE
FOR EACH CARD ON YOUR FIELD!
YOU HAVE 3, SO THAT'S
900 PULVERIZING POINTS!
LOOK OUT!
I PLAY THE TRAP...!
DOWN BURST!
NOW ALL FACE UP
SPELL AND TRAP CARDS
THAT ARE OUT
ON YOUR FIELD
DO AN ABOUT FACE
AND BECOME FACEDOWN!
THEY WHAT?!
AND THEN I'LL PLAY
ANOTHER TRAP!
DELTA CROW--
ANTI REVERSE!
NOW, SINCE
A BLACKWING MONSTER
IS FACE UP
ON MY FIELD,
ALL FACEDOWN
SPELL AND TRAP CARDS
ON YOUR FIELD
ARE DESTROYED!
SO THOSE TWO
YOU JUST FLIPPED
ARE FINISHED!
AND NOW THAT
I'M TWO TRAP CARDS
LIGHTER...
THE DAMAGE I TAKE IS
GONNA BE REDUCED...
TO JUST 300!
THE BEST PART IS...
NOW THAT WHITEOUT
IS DESTROYED,
THE BOND BETWEEN CROW'S
BLACKWINGS IS RESTORED!
THOSE WERE SOME
PRETTY CLEVER MOVES.
NOW ALLOW ME TO SHOW YOU
SOME OF MY OWN...
AND I'LL START
BY SUMMONING FORTH
YET ANOTHER OF MY WHITE
WARRIORS--BEHOLD...!
SLEET...!
THE MORNING STAR!
BUT THIS SLEET
WON'T BE STICKING,
BECAUSE,
WHEN HE'S RELEASED
AND CRIMSON MEFIST
DESTROYS A MONSTER,
YOU TAKE HALF THAT MONSTER'S
POINTS AS DAMAGE!
BUT THAT MEANS...IF
CRIMSON MEFIST DESTROYS KOCHI,
CROW TAKES
1400 POINTS OF DAMAGE
AND LOSES THE DUEL!
LET HIM HAVE IT,
CRIMSON MEFIST.
ATTACK WITH RANCID RUSH!
OH NO!
I DON'T THINK SO--
BY SENDIN'
BLACKWING--JETSTREAM
THE BLUE SKY
FROM MY HAND
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN NEGATE
THE DESTRUCTION
OF KOCHI!
LUCKY...
WHOA--TALK ABOUT CLOSE!
STRUGGLE ALL YOU LIKE, CROW,
BUT YOUR DEFEAT IS CERTAIN.
I END WITH A FACEDOWN.
IT'S MY TURN... BUT IF
I PLAY A FACEDOWN,
I'LL END UP
TAKING DAMAGE
AND LOSIN' THE DUEL.
TO STAND A CHANCE,
I GOTTA SOMEHOW
TAKE DOWN THAT
CRIMSON MEFIST.
Spike: CROW!
UP HERE!
IN THE CONTROL TOWER!
JUST WANTED
TO LETCHA KNOW...
ALL US KIDS ARE
BEHIND YA!
GO CROW!
YOU CAN DO IT!
WE'RE WITH YOU
ALL THE WAY, CROW!
KEEP GOING!
THANKS GUYS...
COME ON...
YOU'VE SAID IT
YOURSELF, CROW--
YOU'VE TAKEN CARE
OF PEARSON'S KIDS.
I HAVE?
Spike: CROW!
COME ON OVER HERE.
WE WANNA PLAY!
SURE, CROW, IT MAY NOT
HAVE BEEN EASY...
BUT JUST CHECK OUT THOSE
SMILES ON THEIR FACES.
YOU SHOULD BE PROUD.
YOU'VE DONE
A GREAT JOB.
YOU'RE GONNA WIN!
GO, CROW, GO!
THOSE KIDS...
I GOTTA WIN THIS DUEL...
NOT JUST FOR PEARSON,
BUT I GOTTA WIN IT
FOR ALL OF THEM AS WELL!
[GASP] MY MARK'S
LIT UP...
[GASP]
WHOA! IT'S A CARD!
Yusei: WHAT'S HAPPENING?
WAIT...NO WAY...
IS THAT...?!
Crow:
THE BLACK-WINGED DRAGON.
PEARSON GAVE ME THIS
CARD TO PROTECT THE KIDS
HE CARED FOR SO MUCH...
SO THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT I'M GONNA DO!
MY TURN!
AND I SUMMON BLACKWING--
BORA THE SPEAR!
NEXT, LEVEL 4
KOCHI THE DAYBREAK
TUNES WITH LEVEL 4
BORA THE SPEAR...!
NOW, BY THE POWER OF
A SYNCHRO SUMMONING,
THESE TWO BLACKWINGS
WILL BEAT AS ONE!
SOAR TO POWER...
BLACK-WINGED DRAGON!
[ROARS]
MY MARK!
MINE TOO!
COULD THIS BE
THE SIGNER'S
FIFTH DRAGON?
[LOW GROWL]
Duel runner computer:
BLACK-WINGED DRAGON IS
A LEVEL 8 DRAGON-TYPE MONSTER
WITH 2800 ATTACK POINTS
AND 1600 DEFENSE POINTS.
SO THE BLACK-WINGED DRAGON'S
FINALLY HERE.
TOO LITTLE,
TOO LATE,
I'M AFRAID.
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP...
SYNCHRO RIVALRY!
NOW ON THE TURN YOU SUMMON
A SYNCHRO MONSTER--
LIKE THAT DRAGON...
NONE OF THE MONSTERS
ON MY FIELD
CAN BE DESTROYED IN BATTLE!
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT--
I PLAY ANGEL BATON!
NOW, SINCE I HAVE TWO OR
MORE SPEED COUNTERS...
I GET TO DRAW
TWO CARDS FROM MY DECK
BUT MUST SEND
ONE CARD IN MY HAND
TO THE GRAVEYARD!
SO, I SEND BLACKWING--
ZEPHYROS THE ELITE
TO THE GRAVE
AND THEN PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN!
HAS CROW LOST IT?
IF HE DOES THAT,
THAT MEANS HIS TURN IS OVER,
AND THEN THAT MEANS...
CRIMSON MEFIST'S
ABILITY ACTIVATES!
NOW YOU TAKE
300 POINTS OF DAMAGE
FOR EVERY SPELL OR TRAP CARD
YOU HAVE FACEDOWN!
[GASP]
I TOLD YOU
YOUR DEFEAT WAS CERTAIN!
AND NOW IT WILL
COME TO PASS!
All: LOOK OUT, CROW!
[GROWLS]
Crow: ACTUALLY, BLACK-WINGED
DRAGON'S LOOKING OUT FOR ME!
WHAT?
I PLAY HIS ABILITY!
NOW, I CAN NEGATE
NON-BATTLE DAMAGE
BY LOWERIN' BLACK WINGED
DRAGON'S ATTACK POINTS
BY HOWEVER MUCH
THAT DAMAGE WAS!
IN THIS CASE, 300!
NO WAY! THAT WAS GONNA BE
THE END FOR YOU!
NOT ANYMORE...
AND NOW BY TAKIN'
400 POINTS OF DAMAGE
AND RETURNIN' ONE CARD
ON MY FIELD TO MY HAND,
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON
BLACKWING ZEPHYROS
THE ELITE
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
BUT INSTEAD OF TAKIN'
THAT 400 POINTS
OF DAMAGE,
I'LL JUST USE MY
DRAGON'S ABILITY AGAIN!
COOL! IT'S LIKE
HIS BODYGUARD!
ARE YOU DONE, CROW?
NOT EVEN CLOSE,
BOLTON...
CUZ WHEN ZEPHYROS
IS SUMMONED DUE TO
THIS ABILITY
BY PLACIN'
A CARD FACEDOWN,
IT'S DESTROYED!
AND SINCE I PLACED
A CARD FACEDOWN,
I NOW TAKE
DAMAGE FROM
CRIMSON MEFIST'S
ABILITY...
ONLY, THANKS ONCE
AGAIN TO MY DRAGON'S
ABILITY, I DON'T!
[GROWLS]
THEN, BY RETURNIN'
ANOTHER CARD
ON MY FIELD TO MY HAND,
I CAN SUMMON ZEPHYROS
THE ELITE ALL OVER AGAIN!
AND AS BEFORE, I'LL THEN
PLACE A CARD FACEDOWN
TO DESTROY ZEPHYROS!
IS IT JUST ME, OR IS
THAT DRAGON'S WINGS
SLOWLY TURNING BLACK?
YEAH. MORE SO WITH
EVERY HIT IT TAKES.
LOOK, CROW...
WHADAYA TRYING TO PROVE?
I'LL TELL YA WHAT...
THAT PEARSON WAS
JUST LIKE HIS DRAGON.
HE WOULDN'T HESITATE
TO TAKE THE HITS
FOR ALL OF US
OVER N' OVER AGAIN.
CUZ THE MOST IMPORTANT
THING TO HIM WAS US.
THAT'S WHY HE DIDN'T
TAKE THE MONEY
BACK THEN.
BECAUSE HE DIDN'T CARE
ABOUT GETTING RICH
AND BECOMING SOME
HOT-SHOT BUSINESSMAN.
CUZ HE WASN'T ANYTHING
LIKE YOU, BOLTON!
[GASP]
[ROARS]
NO, BUT...
I JUST...
WANTED TO MAKE
A FEW GOOD DUEL RUNNERS...
DID YOU? OR WERE YOU
IN IT FOR YOURSELF?
YOU SAY YOU CARE
FOR YOUR WORKERS...
BUT I'VE SEEN WHAT
TRUE CARING IS.
I'VE SEEN IT IN
PEARSON'S EYES.
AND IN THE EYES OF
ALL THE CHILDREN
HE LOOKED AFTER.
IF HE TOOK THAT MONEY,
WHERE WOULD THAT
HAVE LEFT THEM?
WITHOUT A FUTURE...
WITHOUT HOPE!
[WHIMPERING]
TIME AND TIME AGAIN,
PEARSON PUT
EVERYONE ELSE FIRST
AND HIM LAST...
JUST LIKE THIS DRAGON
IS DOIN' FOR ME NOW.
OVER AND OVER...
HE SACRIFICED HIMSELF.
[GASP]
AND HE EVEN DID IT
WHEN IT MEANT
HE COULD
LOSE EVERYTHING.
HE DID IT WHEN
YOU STOOD IN HIS WAY.
HE DID IT
FOR THE CHILDREN,
AND HE ENDED UP PAYING
THE ULTIMATE PRICE.
[ROARS]
AND THAT'S WHY...
HE LOVED THIS CARD...
BECAUSE IT'S
WILLING TO PAY
THE ULTIMATE PRICE, TOO!
NO! BLACK-WINGED
DRAGON'S OUTTA POINTS!
DOES THAT MEAN HE'S...?!
[WEAK ROAR]
[WORRIED BREATHING]
Crow: BOLTON...
PEARSON VANISHED AFTER
HIS DUEL WITH YOU...
BUT THROUGH THE POWER
OF THIS DRAGON,
HE'S STILL PROTECTING US
EVEN FROM THE NETHERWORLD!
I PLAY BLACK-WINGED
DRAGON'S ABILITY!
NOW THE ATTACK POINTS
OF MY DRAGON
ARE RETURNED
TO THEIR FULL AMOUNT,
AND THE ATTACK POINTS
OF YOUR MONSTERS
DECREASE BY ALL
THE DAMAGE HE NEGATED!
BLACK-WINGED BURST...GO!
[GASP]
[ROARS]
IT'S A COMPLETE
ROLE REVERSAL,
NOW BLACK-WINGED DRAGON
HAS ALL THE POWER,
AND CRIMSON MEFIST
HAS NONE!
NOW, BLACK-WINGED
DRAGON, ATTACK
CRIMSON MEFIST WITH...
SHADOW SQUALL BLAST!
ALRIGHT!
HE DID IT!
WAY TO GO, CROW!
I TOLD YA HE COULD DO IT!
YEAH!
YOU'RE THE BEST!
WELL DONE.
Bolton: PEARSON...
YOU WERE RIGHT ALL ALONG,
AND I WAS WRONG.
I'M SORRY FOR
EVERYTHING I DID TO YOU.
FROM THIS POINT FORWARD...
THINGS...WILL CHANGE.
LET'S HOPE...
Crow: PEARSON...
JUST KNOW THAT,
WHEREVER YOU ARE...
THINGS AROUND HERE
HAVE FINALLY BEEN
SET STRAIGHT...
AND WHEN WE FIND A WAY
TO GET YOU BACK FROM
THE NETHERWORLD...
I'LL HAVE BLACK-WINGED DRAGON
WAITIN' FOR YOU...
ALWAYS.